Add migration instructions for gateway deployment failure (#1760)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

  - Moved bulk granule deletion endpoint from `/bulkDelete` to
    `/granules/bulkDelete`

### MIGRATION STEPS

> - Due to an issue with the AWS API Gateway and how the egress CF applies updates, you may need to redeploy your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Due to an issue with the AWS API Gateway and how the Thin Egress App Cloudformation template applies updates, you may need to redeploy your
```

  `thin-egress-app-EgressGateway` manually as a one time migration step.    If your deployment fails with an
  error similar to:

  ```bash
  Error: Lambda function (<stack>-tf-TeaCache) returned error: ({"errorType":"HTTPError","errorMessage":"Response code 404 (Not Found)"})
  ```

>   If this occurs, follow the [AWS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Then follow the [AWS
```
